Add Toolsetter (Long John) guide and restructure for multiple docs (#19)
MillenniumMachines/millenniummachines.github.io: docs/milo/faq.md

---

### What threadlocker should I use, and how much?

Your best bet is to look for `Loctite 243` (liquid), `Loctite 248` (stick-form) or equivalent, which are medium strength threadlockers and usually blue in colour.

Medium-strength threadlockers will usually have a break-loose torque of between 10 and 25 Nm, which is achievable with an allen key in most situations.

> Do not use permanent or semi-permanent thread-lock, or red colour thread-lock unless it is specifically marked as medium strength.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not use permanent or semi-permanent threadlockers, or red colour threadlockers unless it is specifically marked as medium strength.
```
